[Music]
okay time to put our thinking caps on
here are 15 riddles only the smartest 1%
can crack say hey there if you've
clicked on this video then you probably
love mysterious riddles fascinating
puzzles and mind-boggling paradoxes are
you ready to check your logic and
lateral thinking skills click that
subscribe button to join the bright side
of life
so ring the bell to be notified each
time we post for today's little brain
workout you have just 10 seconds to
figure out the answer to the following
riddles now let the games begin
number one time will tell what occurs
once in a minute twice in every moment
and never occurs in a thousand years
[Music]
it's the letter M of course see there's
one in the word minute two in moment and
none in the phrase a thousand years hey
don't shoot me I'm just the messenger
here on we go number two the brother
puzzle I am your brother
but you aren't my you have ten seconds
to decide how this is even possible
[Music]
obviously if you aren't my brother then
you are my sister number three a paradox
what do you call two physicians a
paradox no that's not the real riddle
but I just couldn't help myself
here it is I have towns and cities but
no houses or apartments
I have mountains and forests but no
rocks or trees I have water but no fish
what am i if your answer is a map then
you are absolutely right number four a
unique word there's a word in the
English language that has three
consecutive double letters what is this
where before you bust out a dictionary
and start reading it page for page how
about a hint it's a compound word and a
person start off by thinking about words
that have double valves and you should
get to the answer in no time of course
you can always pause the video if you
need more than 10 seconds this truly
unique word is bookkeeper number five
family formula a young lady has the same
number of brothers and sisters but each
of her brothers has two times fewer
brothers and sisters
how many sisters and brothers are there
in the family here's where your math
skills may really come in handy good
luck with your calculations there are
four girls and three boys in the family
number six the Bermuda Triangle you look
at the sea and notice of boat filled
with people you look away but when your
eyes go back to the boat you don't see a
single person on board what happened
were they ghosts a mirage victims of the
Bermuda Triangle you have 10 seconds to
solve this mystery no mystery here folks
you can't see a single person because
all the people on board are married oh
gosh let's move on number seven a
contradiction I have space but no room I
have keys but no locks you can enter
what you can't get out what am i no not
the Hotel California
keep thinking
[Music]
well besides using a walking contraction
this is something you probably use every
single day a keyboard eight next in line
take a look at this seemingly random
combination of letters o TT F F s s can
you figure out what the next three
letters will be
[Music]
if you decided it should be ent then you
have lateral thinking skills like no
other you see these are the first
letters of the numbers one two tap
number nine
family ties a is the brother of B B is
the sister of C and C is the mother of D
how is D related to a will 10 seconds be
enough for you to undo these family ties
[Music]
a is DS uncle number 10
gotcha one day a man decided to go on a
fishing trip with his friends he asked
his wife to pack some things for him a
fishing rod tackle box some clothes for
the week and his favorite pajamas his
lovely wife happily agreed after the man
came back a week later he entertained
his wife with all kinds of funny fishing
stories he had with his bunnies but when
he nonchalantly asked his wife why she
hadn't packed any PJ's for him she
immediately understood that her husband
was lying and that he hadn't been on a
fishing trip at all how could she have
possibly understood that
[Music]
the woman had put the pajamas in the
tackle box if her husband hadn't found
them that means he never opened the box
caught in a lie like a fish on a hook
number 11 who's the thief and had to
leave her apartment due to some urgent
matter before heading out she hid some
money under the kitchen mat when she
returned the money was gone there were
three people in her apartment while she
was away her neighbor was fixing her TV
a housekeeper was cleaning the place up
and a painter was painting the walls in
the living room so who took the money
you have ten seconds to find the thief
[Music]
it was the housekeeper of course she was
the only one who had any reason to lift
the mat up number 12 an unreliable force
why should you never ever trust gravity
[Music]
because gravity will always let you down
oh man number 13 hold it you can hold it
in your right hand but never in your
left hand what is this mysterious object
[Music]
anything you put in your left hand can
obviously be put in your right hand too
except for your left hand itself number
fourteen so much in common
examine these numbers closely eleven 69
96 and 88 what do they all have in
common you'll need to think outside the
box for this one and try to crack it in
just ten seconds all these numbers can
be read the same way even if they're
flipped upside down number 15
guess the city look at this picture and
try to guess the city encoded with the
help of these adorable animals
[Music]
you needed to use the first three
letters of the word chicken the first
two letters of the word cat and the
first two letters of the word goat which
gives you chica go Chicago so how many
riddles did you manage to crack which
one was the toughest for you tell us in
the comments below if you had fun while
watching this video then give it a
thumbs up and share it with your friends
for more bright side in your life just
click Subscribe and join the family see
you next time